Hello everyone finally after the flames
disconnected from
of the world upload a video again
pr newswire
well I think it's worth 2
two days so it persists
I have quite a few things so I think he would have them in two videos with several
of them
of difference for not
to not saturate the why
nun
as you see
I really have enough things that they and I am stressed to the world, we are going to
accept ford have
the creams for
for the lashes fought
many you know
I fear that you will puncture the price
lm costs about eight euros
this will be the
third boat that was enough to create
teaches us the little boat because I do it
he passed it to shortly before his team
one for all
but I do it
then the past
Ethical abot of these that check on cheap perfume shops
castor oil wake
from the neighborhood I think two euros frames like that
take away what was inside the thread
ricky is that here
why not
I did not like Carlos Valeri in the assault the fat in
I do not like it in my hands
so good
eyelash cream
per cent with and without amen I love it to be
As I say, you have already used several
ok I bought myself a hundred each time because it's comedy
and is that according to
here curling
I bought it park
min on a Sunday morning leave very soon from my house
and at about 10 in the morning
although it gives me a lot
in her
and you can not even
he has also wanted his own life
so then on a Sunday morning the only one that statistics collects
so go into a purchase
what you can
ineco loaned him four euros 30
I do not like
but
but nothing at all percent and proven from the sentence
a little
I've tried it dry, you've been tried today by it's called a tad better but
is grassi in everything and that my waz mype hair
Pretty producer or sucks well
he will leave me a hundred
I do not like
tyra banks inc nun I'll throw it good yes there's with it
why
I always take this one from carrefour uriangato to drink each one
in which holds love the super comfortable format
but at that time I did not have
this one also in purchase this month finally
the difference is quite large
this writing on this one is more format
cream
boyle phenomenal the only downside that I put
the mandate of the line has with a small
glitter
golden
then you can with black hair before when the government has noticed it so much
but now with black hair
sometimes it touched me not
If you look closely, it's like a little bit of farm work
the price of this day the 3 95
but it does not happen with things well the market does not
It was me
i for the first time
this mask
that is exfoliating mask for fatty hair and I with dandruff
er
my hair hours tips
since in
they were fat percent
relatively but now since I dyed
it's not so funny anymore but tell me
the vedette approve
so
I signed
without stopping and also
can use it my father already has his role more than the one I have
people walk press
and this cost me
their destinations
Figueroa indicated tickets
percent
1 95
if I'm not mistaken
of the world yes this one 95
I put myself in his field
n
I bought
the four yumbos
It does not suit me because summer
they had it again that it came out
the other time I bought the gold and the green i did not get to buy these two
this time I buy this data i in purple and blue
lm analyzed euros each
and well it became known more about her wolves
you will know them pedrosa
They serve for me in I worry about percent of it
I do not know if it will be something
of the 80s
Pedro Sanz
for one hundrerd
that is in the middle of the campaign
You seem to be zárate so soon
this topic if they did not take that route
multiple photos
the result
the moralo that the one that is my son to the favorite
I like the least because they look alike
despite the tie it would have been quite more doors for many rose
great match is my favorite
this one they paint without nonsense
and this is not going to be
4t 12 euros 14 ok I entered vianello style with the passage of time as
forever
I bought myself from the mask for
for members
dark hair
for nothing are males
keeley several 2 25
I bought
the mini
lanchitas
I've heard about them
they come
in English steve mcqueen
that stand out japan do not get in trouble
a thermal protector
I was told
8 8 50
and what to say of all its crystals are occupied Jalisco
They wait
Per hundred I would not call her both
the fight of
Travel
because if I go on a trip a week where it is in it we are
I lay a mobile
in the terminals throughout Peru
because he really speaks seems like a quillo and later a lot
is going to have our
gipmtm west
but I took a lot
it does not get very hot very much so
nuno smoothed not
very well
so
on it on day 3
travel plate guille more teeth the swollen
for touch-ups for
one day you want to be superman there is much less than what is the
you carry the bag
i
and you get anywhere in any manual
dente asm in your faith
he played cash
It is a plate I understand that it is a quantity of touches and for that reason
look size they have be
like a hand
for that I think we're doing well but
sitech and 6 to 2 all the hair with
with her
can only be received half an hour
rather little but good I miss you
with lula he said that based on the liza for they are on their own but
for me, I'm going to use it for that, so as not to go into the stock market
and in cases of emergency